fixes #325 by updating references to The Notary Project (#327)
notaryproject/notaryproject.dev: content/en/docs/faq.md

---
title: "Frequently asked questions"

> description: "Frequently asked questions about The Notary Project"

Reviewer: same question as previous one

Author: Fixed

type: docs
weight: 8
---

> ## What registries are compatible with The Notary Project?

Reviewer: same question as previous one

Author: fixed

> ## What registries are compatible with the Notary Project?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What registries are compatible with the Notary Project OCI signature specification?
```

Author: fixed

> ## What registries are compatible with the Notary Project OCI signature specification?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## What registries are compatible with the Notary Project OCI signature specification (and the Notation client)?
```

Author: fixed

> The following registries are compatible with The Notary Project for artifact signing and verification:

Reviewer: same question as previous one

Author: Fixed

> The following registries are compatible with the Notary Project for artifact signing and verification:

Author: fixed

> The following registries are compatible with the Notary Project Notation CLI for artifact signing and verification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following registries are compatible with the Notary Project OCI signature specification:
```

Author: fixed

> The following registries are compatible with the Notary Project OCI signature specification:

Author: fixed

**Q: Why JWT `exp` and `iat` claims are not used?**

> **A:** Unlike JWT which always contains a JSON payload, Notary envelope can support payloads other than JSON, like binary. Reusing the JWT payload structure and claims, limits the Notary JWS envelope to only support JSON payload, which is undesirable. Also, reusing JWT claims requires following same claim semantics as defined in JWT specifications. The [`exp`](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.4) claim requires that verifier MUST reject the signature if current time equals or is greater than `exp`, where as the Notary Project allows verification policy to define how expiry is handled.

Author: thank you for the feedback. Fixed!

> ## Signature specification

Reviewer: @iamsamirzon based on the decision made during community meeting on 8/3/2023, “the” is insignificant and it is not part of the brand “Notary Project”, so "the" is used only grammatically required.

> ## Signature specification

Author: Thank you @yizha1 

marking as resolved

> **A:** Unlike JWT which always contains a JSON payload, [Notary Project OCI Signature Specification](https://github.com/notaryproject/notaryproject/blob/main/specs/signature-specification.md) envelope can support payloads other than JSON, like binary. Reusing the JWT payload structure and claims, limits the signature envelope to only support JSON payload, which is not extendable. Also, reusing JWT claims requires following same claim semantics as defined in JWT specifications. The [`exp`](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.4) claim requires that verifier MUST reject the signature if current time equals or is greater than `exp`, where as the Notary Project's [trust store and trust policy](https://github.com/notaryproject/notaryproject/blob/main/specs/trust-store-trust-policy.md) allows verification policy to define how expiry is handled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** Unlike JWT which always contains a JSON payload, [Notary Project OCI Signature Specification](https://github.com/notaryproject/notaryproject/blob/v1.0.0/specs/signature-specification.md) envelope can support payloads other than JSON, like binary. Reusing the JWT payload structure and claims, limits the signature envelope to only support JSON payload, which is not extendable. Also, reusing JWT claims requires following same claim semantics as defined in JWT specifications. The [`exp`](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.4) claim requires that verifier MUST reject the signature if current time equals or is greater than `exp`, where as the Notary Project's [trust store and trust policy](https://github.com/notaryproject/notaryproject/blob/v1.0.0/specs/trust-store-trust-policy.md) allows verification policy to define how expiry is handled.
```

Author: fixed

## Trust store and trust policy

> **Q: Does The Notary Project support `n` out of `m` signatures verification requirement?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Q: Does Notary Project trust policy support `n` out of `m` signatures verification requirement?**
```

Author: fixed

> **A:** The Notary Project doesn't support n out m signature requirement verification scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** Notary Project trust policy doesn't support n out m signature requirement verification scheme.
```

Author: fixed

Signature verification workflow succeeds if verification succeeds for at least one signature.

> **Q: Does The Notary Project support overriding of revocation endpoints to support signature verification in disconnected environments?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Q: Does Notary Project support overriding of revocation endpoints to support signature verification in disconnected environments?**
```

Author: leaving as is

> **A:** TODO: Update after verification extensibility spec is ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** Update after verification extensibility spec is ready.
```

Author: fixed

## Trust store and trust policy

**Q: Does the Notary Project trust policy support `n` out of `m` signatures verification requirement?**

**A:** The Notary Project doesn't support n out m signature requirement verification scheme.
Signature verification workflow succeeds if verification succeeds for at least one signature.

**Q: Does the Notary Project support overriding of revocation endpoints to support signature verification in disconnected environments?**

> **A:** Update after verification extensibility spec is ready.

Reviewer: Sorry. I would suggest removing this line, since the whole line is TODO

Author: fixed

## Trust store and trust policy

> **Q: Does the Notary Project trust policy support `n` out of `m` signatures verification requirement?**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Q: Does the  Notary Project specifications (and its implementation in Notation)  trust policy support `n` out of `m` signatures verification requirement?**
```

> **A:** The Notary Project doesn't support n out m signature requirement verification scheme.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**A:** The Notary Project specifications (and its implementation in Notation) doesn't support n out m signature requirement verification scheme. This enhancement request is on the roadmap.
```

Author: fixed

Signature verification workflow succeeds if verification succeeds for at least one signature.

> **Q: Does the Notary Project support overriding of revocation endpoints to support signature verification in disconnected environments?**

Author: fixed
